the toe pick out of it called a toe loop
the skater moves bound backwards on the
ice on one foot uses the free leg
stretched behind him to pole-vault
himself he picks it into the ice and
cold bolts himself up into the air for
four revolutions that's what makes it so
interesting you can see it cleanly
everywhere else in the sport you have to
sort of do things subjectively like how
well do they interpret the music or how
interesting is the choreography this you
can count and that's what makes it
exciting
well moments ago in his warm-up Scott
Ryan looked like he was really hitting
his quad and it looks so easy it looked
just like a triple one two three four
revolutions came out really clean I just
hope he didn't leave it in the warm-up
an awful lot of attentions been focused
on Brian's quadruple jump he's landed
that many times in practice for
revolutions in the air but nobody's ever
completed a quadrant competition
including Brian after several attempts
finally got to the point that he was
getting frustrated it seems that the
media people were concentrating only on
the quad rather than on the complete
skater so this year he's concentrated on
his choreography no quad and the program
is beautiful and skinny fans remember
Brian Boitano is attempt at last year's
World Championships and for an update is
what it looked like three days ago
you say nice people
now he said if he was going for his quad
this would be where he would put it
Brian Boitano is quadruple attempt
here's another look at the quadruple
attempt
reaches back with his left foot he
rotates once twice three and about three
quarters he didn't quite get all the way
around that's why he couldn't hold the
landing here's the quad
with the kind of wait for they get it
until they get around four times as you
can see it was certainly not as
successful as the one that Kurt Browning
but I can't imagine anyone having the
nerve to to put it in in a world
competition particularly when the title
is in the in the balance here
the jumping ability is is simply
astounding and the quality that I
mentioned about again a repeat of the
quad but the quality that I mentioned
about stretching the free leg and and
landing with extensions is simply a joy
to the eye and you might not see it on
the lower level